Iotedge-1158 Upgrade HiveMQ PoC to 7.1 (#143)
ForgeRock/iot-edge: examples/proof-of-concept/hivemq/README.md

 - It then requests an OAuth 2.0 access token with the `publish` and `subscribe` scopes.
 - The ForgeRock IoT Service has been configured to use the external `uid` as the OAuth 2.0 Subject Attribute (`sub` claim).
 - The device then connects to HiveMQ using MQTT, with its `uid` as the MQTT client ID and the OAuth 2.0 access token as the connection password.
 - HiveMQ ESE authenticates the device by verifying the OAuth 2.0 access token and has been configured to perform the following checks:
    - The signature is validated locally with the JSON web keys downloaded from the ForgeRock Platform.
    - The list of scopes contains `publish` and `subscribe`.
    - The subject (`sub` claim) matches the MQTT client ID.

   Additional access token verification can be done via configuration of the
   [HiveMQ ESE](https://www.hivemq.com/docs/ese/4.4/enterprise-security-extension/ese.html#jwt).

### Using the Platform directly

To run the example from the command line requires a MQTT client.
This example uses [mosquitto_pub](https://mosquitto.org/man/mosquitto_pub-1.html) but any client can be used.

> Create a thing identity with name `thingymabot` and password `5tr0ngG3n3r@ted` via the platform UI as described in the forgrops

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a thing identity with name `thingymabot` and password `5tr0ngG3n3r@ted` via the platform UI as described in the ForgeOps IoT
```
